C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.pdb
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.pdb
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Documents\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Web.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.pdb
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Web.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.dll
C:\Users\Giecom_strix\Desktop\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.pdb
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll.config
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.pdb
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Web.xml
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.dll
C:\Users\invitado_giecom\Documents\GitHub\Yisus\proyecto_web_2018\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.pdb
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll.config
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\proyectoweb.pdb
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.AccessControl.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\MySql.Web.xml
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.dll
c:\users\invitado_giecom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\proyectoweb\proyectoweb\obj\Debug\proyectoweb.pdb
